This MacBook Pro offers very few ports. It has just two USB Type-C/Thunderbolt 3 connectors on the left edge, and a single audio jack on the right edge. (The 13-inch Touch Bar model, which starts at $1,799, includes two USB-C ports on each side.) Having only two ports is an inconvenience, but remember that you're going to need to buy an adapter or USB hub for most of your older peripherals that don't support USB-C anyway (think mice, keyboards, hard drives, and even your iPhone). You can buy Apple-branded adapters like the USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter ($69), or opt for all-in-one adapters and desktop docks. Some, like the Satechi Aluminum Type-C Pro Hub Adapter ($99), are offered in colors that match the MacBook Pro.



The lack of a Touch Bar, however, isn't necessarily a bad thing. This model is $500 cheaper than the MacBook Pro with the bar, which makes it more likely to appeal to budget-conscious college students. While the Touch Bar is innovative and convenient for certain creative workflows (here are 15 things you can do with it), most other buyers will find it to be a luxury instead of a need-to-have productivity feature.

Thanks to their upward-facing design, the MacBook Pro's speakers sound robust for such a thin laptop, and are more versatile than those designed to bounce sound off of a desk or other flat surface. As with the previous model, the MacBook Pro can fill a medium-sized room with distortion-free music. The 2,560-by-1,600-resolution Retina display is equally impressive. The 500-nit screen is brighter than the Dell XPS 13 Touch and HP Spectre 13, and people who work with images will appreciate that this MacBook offers support for the P3 color gamut. The screen's downsides are its slightly inferior resolution compared with the 4K display available on the New Razer Blade Stealth, and the fact that it's only available in a glossy version—there's no matte option to reduce glare, which was a problem for our review unit in the brightly lit PC Labs. Above the screen is a forward-facing 720p FaceTime HD camera, better than the 480p camera you'll get on the MacBook. Wireless connectivity options include Bluetooth 4.2 and 802.11ac Wi-Fi.

Our test unit is loaded with macOS Sierra, but macOS High Sierra, an iterative update, will be available for free once Apple rolls it out this fall. The MacBook Pro comes with 90 days of free technical support and a one-year limited warranty.



You won't find a lot of storage with the base configuration, which comes with a 128GB SSD. That's half the capacity of the base model MacBook, which also starts at $1,299. Drive options are plentiful, however: they include 256GB for $200, 512GB for $400, or 1TB for $800. All are SSDs, which explains why the price doubles along with capacity.